For this Web Development class project, we were given specific guidelines and code objects we had to use to build a website. Based upon these requirements, I built a website to create your own Bad-Libs, and utilized many different technologies to accomplish this goal.

What is a Bad-Lib? Well, it's just my take on a Mad Lib, which are based upon the term ad-lib, a verb or adjective or even adverb describing the improvisation of speech or text. Mad Libs are a game where one person prompts another or a group of people for certain types of words to fill in blanks of a given text body, meant to create hilarious or absurd sounding sentances when read aloud. A Bad-Lib works just the same, just based upon the web.

For this project, I used a database to store the templates used for the Bad-Libs. This database stored a lot of information pertaining to each template: a title, a list of required words, and the types of words required. These templates are picked at random when the page is loaded, and if a previous session exists with one template the site will pick a new template. These templates are translated into forms, prompting the user to fill in the required missing words to then be inserted on the next page in the completed Bad-Lib. With a completed Bad-Lib, there are also options to adjust the font size and style to add more customization to the completed Bad-Lib.

On the home page, there is an index heading and a button saying Technologies Used. This demonstrates the various coding methods and objects used to make this project functional.
